Procedural Changes (#8901)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/mac-jamfpro-policies.md

    ![Image of configuration settings](images/990742cd9a15ca9fdd37c9f695d1b9f4.png)

> 4. Select your computer and click the gear icon on the top, select **Computer Management**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select your computer and click the gear icon at the top, then select **Computer Management**.
```
